Use cache.makedir instead of dot-directory (#42)
pytest-dev/pytest-xprocess: CHANGELOG.rst

0.15.0 (UNRELEASED)
-------------------

> - pytest-xprocess now uses `config.cache` to store process related files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- pytest-xprocess now uses a sub-directory of `.pytest_cache` to store process related files.
```
